DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/transactions/intro-transactions/monitor-background-processes-other-non-web-transactions.mdx

  - Intro to transactions
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'In APM, a definition of non-web transactions, and how to custom instrument background tasks and other activity as non-web transactions.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: In APM, a definition of non-web transactions, and how to custom instrument background tasks and other activity as non-web transactions.
```
